Conversations (#83)
UnifiedPush/documentation: content/users/distributors/_index.md

NextPush is a push server that can be hosted as a Nextcloud app. This is an easy way to self-host a push server if you already have a Nextcloud server.

#### [Conversations](/users/distributors/conversations)

> 
> Conversations is an XMPP instant messaging client for Android. It requires an XMPP server and a UnifiedPush rewrite proxy. The rewrite proxy is `up.conversations.im` by default, but this can be self hosted.
> 
> The *rewrite proxy* converts UnifiedPush messages to XMPP messages.
> 

Reviewer: I think it's OK as a first draft, but I don't like the description a lot: even though you define *rewrite proxy*, it may be a bit technical for users.

```suggestion

Conversations is an XMPP instant messaging client for Android, with the ability to deliver UnifiedPush notifications using an existing XMPP account, on any server. This requires converting push notifications to XMPP messages first, which is done by a service hosted at `up.conversations.im`.

This service can also be self-hosted. It is called a *rewrite proxy* in UnifiedPush parlance.

```

It would be great if https://up.conversations.im could display a landing page with more info on the rewrite proxy, why it is necessary, and how to self-host it.
